README that would have helped Sooyoung and Austin (#57)
dandi/dandi-hub: README.md

## Deployment

Follow the steps below to deploy DANDI JupyterHub.

**Note**: Be sure to perform all the operations in the same AWS zone
that you will use in `group_vars/all` file. (US-east-2 Ohio)

1. Create an https certificate for your domain using AWS cert manager.
  It's free to attach this certificate to load balancers, and JupyterHub also allows
  proxy offloading to this certificate.

1. Create the GitHub OAuth App id/token: GitHub settings -> Developer settings -> Oauth Apps.
We have done this via a bot GitHub user account (e.g. dandibot). You

> will need to set Homepage URL TODO(satra whats this supposed to be) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will need to set Homepage URL (e.g., `https://hub.dandiarchive.org`) and
```

> the Authorization callback URL. This can be set to a subdomain, just be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Authorization callback URL (`https://hub.dandiarchive.org/hub/oauth_callback`). 
The homepage url can be set to a subdomain, just be
```

    - AmazonEventBridgeFullAccess

1. Add the public dns name to the `dandi-info/hosts` file (This is an Ansible Inventory file.)

1. SSH into the ec2 instance (using the pem key downloaded in previous
   step) and **install git in the CI instance** `sudo yum install git -y`

1. Update the variables in `group_vars/all`

  1. Install ansible locally and create a password for ansible to encrypt some of
       the ansible variables:

       `openssl rand -hex 32 > ansible_password`

  1. Encrypt strings using ansible-vault

     `ansible-vault encrypt_string --vault-password-file ansible_password`

       This will prompt for input.
       - Paste the string to encrypt without a carriage return
       - Hit Ctrl-d twice
       - Copy the encrypted string into the relevant section of `group_vars/all`
       - NOTE: Use bash rather than a non-standard shell to prevent
           truncation.

    Required vault values:
       - github_client_id (From GH OAuth app)
       - github_client_secret (From GH OAuth app)
       - aws_certificate_arn (From aws certificate manager)
       - dummypass (this is a string password you can use for testing without GitHub authentication)

>           TODO(satra, how do we use this password later?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          this can be used without github oauth by uncommenting the relevant dummypass options in `config.yaml.j2`
```

>        - danditoken TODO(satra, I just made up a string, how is this used?
>            PS it is necessary to set because this var is in config.yaml.j2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - danditoken (this is used to authenticate github users against registered dandi users)
```

    1. Also note that `namespace` has to be unique across any JH
       instances created with this setup.

1. Ensure `dandi-info/z2jh.yaml` uses the `ig-policy` in the file. (This
   is not necessary to change if there is already an instance of the
   policy in AWS. If you need to create `ig-policy` use the following:

        ```
        {
            "Version": "2012-10-17",
            "Statement": [
                {
                    "Effect": "Allow",
                    "Action": [
                        "autoscaling:DescribeAutoScalingGroups",
                        "autoscaling:DescribeAutoScalingInstances",
                        "autoscaling:DescribeLaunchConfigurations",
                        "autoscaling:DescribeTags",
                        "autoscaling:SetDesiredCapacity",
                        "autoscaling:TerminateInstanceInAutoScalingGroup",
                        "ec2:DescribeLaunchTemplateVersions",
                        "ec2:DescribeInstanceTypes"
                    ],
                    "Resource": "*"
                }
            ]
        }
        ```

> 1. Populate (or update) the `z2jh-aws-ansible` submodule (from repo root) `git submodule update --init z2jh-aws-ansible`

Reviewer: this and the following section should be removed, since we no longer have submodules.

1. Copy over the changes you've made into the submodule
```bash
cd z2jh-aws-ansible
cp -r ../dandi-info/. .
```

1. Run the playbook! 

>     `ansible-playbook -i hosts z2jh.yml -v --vault-password-file ../ansible_password`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `ansible-playbook -i hosts z2jh.yml -v --vault-password-file ansible_password`
```

1. To tear down:

    ```bash

>     ansible-playbook -i hosts teardown.yml -v --vault-password-file ../ansible_password -t all-fixtures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ansible-playbook -i hosts teardown.yml -v --vault-password-file ansible_password -t all-fixtures
```

Reviewer: also the next playbook command needs adjustment.
